# PureScript Favicon

Besides the well-known `favicon.ico` that is shown in browsers to identify the website, there are several other images we can make available to browsers for use in home screen icons, tiles, etc.

## Usage

Insert the following code in the <head> section of your pages:

    <link rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="180x180" href="/apple-touch-icon.png">
    <link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/favicon-32x32.png" sizes="32x32">
    <link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/favicon-16x16.png" sizes="16x16">
    <link rel="manifest" href="/manifest.json">
    <link rel="mask-icon" href="/safari-pinned-tab.svg" color="#000000">
    <link rel="shortcut icon" href="/favicon.ico">
    <meta name="apple-mobile-web-app-title" content="Pursuit">
    <meta name="application-name" content="Pursuit">
    <meta name="msapplication-config" content="/browserconfig.xml">
    <meta name="theme-color" content="#000000">

## Files used

* `favicon.ico` – Default required by IE. Chrome and Safari may pick ico over png, sadly.
* `favicon-16x16.png` – The classic favicon, displayed in the tabs.
* `favicon-32x32.png` – For Safari on macOS.
* `favicon-48x48.png` – Used as part of `favicon.ico` for Windows site icons.
* `manifest.json` – This is the Web application manifest, defined by the W3C. It is used by Android Chrome to declare the “Add to home screen” icon and other settings.
* `android-chrome-192x192.png` – For Android Chrome M39+
* `android-chrome-512x512.png` – For Android Chrome M39+
* `browserconfig.xml` – Internet Explorer 11 uses browserconfig.xml to find the tile pictures and color.
* `mstile-70x70.png` – For Windows 8 / IE11.
* `mstile-150x150.png` – For Windows 8 / IE11.
* `mstile-310x310.png` – For Windows 8 / IE11.
* `mstile-310x150.png` – For Windows 8 / IE11.
* `apple-touch-icon.png` – For iOS home screens.
* `safari-pinned-tab.svg` – For Safari on macOS to set the icon that the user sees when they pin the site. See the [Apple docs](https://developer.apple.com/library/content/documentation/AppleApplications/Reference/SafariWebContent/pinnedTabs/pinnedTabs.html).

The above images were generated by [Real Favicon Generator](https://realfavicongenerator.net) on 2017-01-07. The following source files were used:

* `purescript-favicon-white.svg`
* `purescript-favicon-black.svg`

To create the `favicon.ico`, the following [ImageMagick](https://www.imagemagick.org/) command and the respective files were used:

    convert favicon-16x16.png favicon-32x32.png favicon-48x48.png favicon.ico

## Source files

* `purescript-favicon.ai` – The master file, based on a grid
* `purescript-favicon-black.svg` – Exported from `purescript-favicon.ai`
* `purescript-favicon-white.svg` – Exported from `purescript-favicon.ai`
* `purescript-favicon-full-16.psd` – Pixel-optimized favicon for a size of 16x16px
* `purescript-favicon-full-32.psd` – Pixel-optimized favicon for a size of 32x32px
* `purescript-favicon-full-48.psd` – Pixel-optimized favicon for a size of 48x48px

## References

* https://realfavicongenerator.net/faq
* https://github.com/audreyr/favicon-cheat-sheet#ico-file
